I am getting new jersey
[Music]
like it's - from Playa Naya
I know right this is the new helicopter
fashion guys okay but it's better to be
safer than sorry yes safer than sorry
yeah I know you probably keep I know a
good fashion statement
so I overtures in New Jersey as the fly
nigh on hangers so they are the people
who I went up and the helicopter over
New York City with a few weeks ago maybe
a month ago who knows
time flies but yeah I'm doing some stuff
with them at VidCon I think so I am just
having a meeting lessons today probably
the most epic way to get to a meeting
right
oh my goodness today is a bisque eat one
basically I'm going to be doing a epic
helicopter ride in LA around VidCon and
also we're trying to criminate maybe a
meet-up also for stuff we shall see
because the follow I now wonder is a
option to ride a helicopter
you take it six that's the one that I
didn't just go up on some people right
now are doing like the Doris off tour
for 20 minutes and I literally was like
I have to stay back and do female things
are hectic but they're good balancing
the planning for the future exciting
things bag but also getting my educator
in the present so stop it head back to
Manhattan and many things to come today
question though do you guys think that
word hustles overused I feel like to
become a part of my brand or whatever
but it's you know it's a big part of my
life the hustle and grind gettin is done
any hour of the day at the same time
everyone's using and it's become such
actually an overused word I don't know
how do you feel about the word hustle
you're probably dudes and dudettes
responses hands tell me I like to
briefly and talk about is you guys the
best and peachy fam rocks and if so
understanding about things and you're so
supportive and creative geniuses and I
love that but I get really down on
myself when I say ok I'm going to upload
five times a week but then I miss an
upload like every single week for the
past 3-4 weeks
I think I've only uploaded four videos a
week I don't think I've successfully
uploaded five videos the past month yeah
I think it's understandable it's YouTube
for elbows doing still pretty good but
it's like if I promise this minute
videos I want to put out Batman videos
and just with the move and traveling and
doing so much stuff regarding moving
apartment it has been straight-up chaos
like I can't wait to a moment where all
I have to do is worry about making
videos you know but I want to just
finish sorry thanks for hanging there
with me and I'm going to be evaluating
the situation I might go back to three
uploads a week like promising you Monday
Wednesday Friday and maybe posting bonus
videos our live stream sure and I think
that's way more manageable cuz I take
pride and what I put out there and I
spend so much time on my videos and even
classic vlog takes me so long to edit I
wish I could find that sweet spot right
now of quantity and quality just getting
both those in there it's just hard
because I edit I film all of my own
stuff maybe am interested online
I'll have help with an editor but I do
what I can and I'm stoked on it and I
love it
like making videos to you guys is my
favorite thing ever
I just want to make sure that I am on a
sub schedule that makes sense in action
assistant Lee hit this is not one of
those videos where it's like vlogging is
ruining my life
you guys suck making videos is the worst
not I'm going to try and see if I can
hit all sides of it next week and see if
it kills me and then we'll evaluate the
situation later but thank you for
understanding the past few weeks have
been crazy and I'm getting videos up as
much as possible I'm just trying to stay
as peachy and as creative as I can over
here but not stuff that is fun and
exciting and I can't wait to do more
that Koreans like episode documentaries
and shows and things in other rooms
besides YouTube but always keep it up
with you guys my favorite space Arizona
friends is Saturday it is a beautiful
day outside could be anymore
perfect timing awesome today I'm forcing
myself to have fun you'll bring it up
see Wonder Woman I also think I don't
see movies in the movie Pierre's got off
inclusive spy I spy I'm also going to
listen to Taylor Swift the entire way
there because her travelogue her entire
catalogue is now a spot by another
stream platform she was exclusive to
Apple music for a while so I'm stoked
say which one after as a person but
perfectly
[Music]
roll your eyes inside of it like hood
see you got Oreo and stuck oh wait and
then it like wow it's like eggs it looks
like it looks so good I kinda like candy
we're about to go see Wonder Woman while
on Craig like see this a person of movie
theater said it couldn't go with my
booster board all forms of hate words
are banned in that movie theater for
some reason don't know why but I had to
boost all the way back to Brandon's
apartment but I needed to get it
charging anyways so it's charging
now let's hustle back to the movie
theater hopefully we won't miss Wonder
Woman
guys I made it I made it through with my
sour patch and my camera and my water
bottle so this is a good movie so yeah
yeah thoughts on Wonder Woman
yeah well I is it five out of ten or
more out of ten I gave it as kind of oh
hey yeah I'm Adam I'm out of ten god I
made it good entertaining a lot of good
slow mo guys slow mo whenever in the
East Village I have to get superiority
burgers and look who showed up
thrown what's up gonna be a husband-wife
ro know it yeah and the Sam chef okay so
it's ensuing in a few words how is WWDC
the I think for Apple it's going to push
them to a trillion dollar company really
thought that they announced yet from I
think from iOS 10 to 11 is the biggest
leap for the iPad since the iPad and
come out I have I was 11 on my phone
it's been great and getting again
getting to see the hardware for 99.9
people Brandon you want an iPad right I
do
there are some movies are sideways yeah
here these you hate okay pour it on I
guess I'm nominated I carry more than
one welcome / I usually pick one verse
that goes with one tobacco thoughts we
in a fun morning the sov is the world
yeah heard another perfect thank you in
this gracious yo girl is tired today was
so much fun it's always so good to catch
up with friends because it's something
that I sometimes neglect I just get
going go on go on go on and I don't
connect the people that I must care
about so that like today was such a good
day regardless of like all the work and
crazy stuff that I had to do it's
important to take those days you know I
feel like I like fell back in loves New
York City it was so setting outside the
sunset on the way home was just yeah I'm
going to link all of my cool and
creative friends down the description
below if you check some of them out
something I've talked about a little bit
on Twitter and Instagram is how I've
been kind of flaky lately I feel like in
regards to just a lot of stuff because I
get so excited by things and whether
it's a business opportunity or a person
or dinner or lunch or coffee I just want
to say yes everything but it's
impossible it's like literally
impossible and so I've been having to
say no a lot like last minute and that
annoys me like I'm annoying myself in
that regard but I think guys just
something that I don't know maybe you
learn over time just saying no saying no
to the right things you can say yes to
the right people and business
opportunities because right now I'm very
overlooked as a result of just saying
yes constantly and it's cool for a
little bit you feel like you can do it
all but it's impossible like it's
literally impossible and I'm feeling
that so hardcore right now but it's just
a process and
I'm going to work on saying no what no
can you say today to open up a good yes
thank you so much for hanging out with
me today these boxes are just going to
stay here forever because I got work to
do I'm going to hit the computer I hope
you get the best day ever let me know if
you like this video if you're new around
here hit the subscribe button down below
I post videos every single week Monday
through Friday thanks for watching stay
peach okay bye
you